Version 1.0.0.2
Added changelog for version 1.0.0.1
Fission reactor performance has been improved - server side
Fusion reactor performance has been improved - server side
Make turbines spin better than it was before. More consistent.
Made fusion reactors survive plasma even though they aren't running. Also, add more blocks to the "survivable" blocks list.
Optimize dark matter item drops.
Improve Physica damage source API
Add more death messages for radiation sources. They now have 2 different death messages: "died from radiation exposure", "held too much uranium". 
Add a custom damage source for plasma. Has 4 different death messages: "'s electrons flew off their body", "fell into a fusion reactor", "tried to swim in plasma", "was vaporized by plasma".
Add a custom damage source for forcefields. Has 3 different death messages: "tried to walk through a force field", "was disintegrated by a forcefield", "walked into an energy field". 
Made infinite energy cubes unbreakable in survival like bedrock.
Improve fission reactor particle emittion.
Add more and different fission reactor particle emission.
Improve and expand the forcefield protection API.
Add an insertable control rod. Can insert by increments of 5 and also has a total shutdown button.
Increase the Fortron field block's explosive resistance to 2 to the power of 31. Aka the max value of a float
Add a reload command for the config.
Made the fission reactor GUI's "time left" text more dynamic.
Fix bugs with the chemical extractor NEI recipe handler.
Add a NEI recipe handler for particle accelerators.
Improve the fission reactor explosion when a meltdown occurs.
Increase the fission reactor explosion size.
Add a melted reactor core block. This is highly radioactive and smelts the stone around it. It also spreads radiation to grass, stone and dirt.
Add radiated versions of grass, stone and dirt.
Add a quantum assembler blacklist and related /Physica item command to get the item name for this blacklist.
Add a config option for the dark matter max uses.
Improve the radiation system a lot. All radiation now works in the same way for all sources.
Made forcefield able to survive wither, and matrix kills the wither now.
Improve the NEI integration API.
Improve turbine performance - client-side
Improve Fortron capacitor performance - client-side
Improve coercion driver performance - client-side
Made the required particle accelerator size smaller. Works with 50x50 now. Takes 1 and a half minute to reach 100.0%
Add a Geiger counter so you can see the amount of radiation around you. This also emits the classic radiation click sounds.
Radiation now damages electronics.
Fix bugs with radiation that damages creative players.
Improve electronic items so that they show the amount of electricity in the durability bar. Electricity also works better now.
Improve radiation potion effect colours.
Fix crashes with the neutron capture chamber.
Made radioactive items emit radiation when dropped.
Add an NEI recipe handler for the blast furnace.
Optimize all NEI recipe handlers.
The cleanup code in the entire project. Changed some names here and there. - Dev related only.
