Version 1.0.0.1
Fix crash bug where the game would crash when the chemical extractor was being used without any water.
Fix server crash if ore gen was set to 0
Fix bug in the centrifuge, chemical boiler and the chemical extractor where they would drain a battery without ever processsing
Fix incorrect temperature "type" when clicking the thermometer. Was kelvin is now celsius.
Made hazmat suits unrepairable
Optimize startup
Move ore dictionary registrations into item and block registers and remove ore registers
Make recipes harder for particle accelerator, quantum assembler, chemical boiler, control rod, turbine, plasma containment block, all hazmat armor recipes, coercion driver, fortron field constructor, interdiction matrix, biometric identifier and focus matrix recipe
Make neutron capture chamber operating speed based on reactor temperature. Also make one tritium cell take 90 seconds to produce with a temperature of 4500 C.
Buff uranium ore count per chunk by 25%
Made chemical boilers work as long as they have water for the next tick and not the entire recipe cost.
Added status text for chemical boilers, neutron capture chambers, centrifuges and chemical extractors
Removed inventory text and power usage for chemical boilers, neutron capture chambers, centrifuges and chemical extractors
Made particle accelerator blocks actually count as electromagnets
Change identification "CLASS" name. Only code change.
Fix crashes with multiple identification cards in the biometric identifier with a matrix connected to it.
Made turbine sounds better by lowering the amount of noise.
Optimize big turbines.
Made turbine spinning a little bit more consistant
Fix big turbine power output so a big turbine is better than 9 small ones
Fix forcefield sealing
Made forcefields not update blocks around where they are placing forton field blocks. This would stop gravel falling in etc.
Fix crash bug with the anti-spawn module.
Upped fortron capacity in constructor by 10 times
Changed fission reactor model
Changed middle fission reactor model
Fixed tiny size bugs with fusion reactor model
Lowered radiation damage on the hazmat suit in the uranium ore and made the radiation colour more green.
Lowered hazmat suit max damage to 40000 from 200000
Upped irradiating item damage and made it more dynamic. Will irradiate more if it has been used in a reactor.
Changed irradiating item colour so it is more green
Made high-enriched fuel cells irradiate more and low-enriched less.
Made uranium 235 irradiate 25% more
Made fission reactor radiation more dynamic and more dangerous. Does actually change the radiation level when getting closer.